docs/content/index.mdx, before:

---
id: index
title: Content
hide_title: true
show_completed_mark: false
---

import Card from "@theme/Card"
import CategoryItem from "@theme/CategoryItem"
import ProgressBar from "@theme/ProgressBar"

<Card icon="📖">

## Content

TBA

</Card>

<ProgressBar />


<CategoryItem id="categorized-by-color">

[Content that are categorized by color that conveys meaningful information needs additional cues like text or icon](categorized-by-color).

</CategoryItem>


<CategoryItem id="moving-content">

[Content that starts moving, blinking or scrolling automatically and lasts longer than 5 seconds must be possible be paused, stopped or hidden by the user](moving-content).

</CategoryItem>


<CategoryItem id="auto-updating-content">

[Content that starts auto-updating automatically must be possible to be paused, stopped, or hidden by the user or that the user can manually control the frequency of the updates](auto-updating-content).

</CategoryItem>


<CategoryItem id="content-time-limit">

[Content that has a time limit needs to be possible to turn off, adjust or extend](content-time-limit).

</CategoryItem>


<CategoryItem id="aware-everyone">

[Make sure that information that’s added to another part of the UI, that doesn’t have focus, is made aware for everyone](aware-everyone).

</CategoryItem>

<CategoryItem id="avoid-sticky-regions">

[Try to avoid using sticky regions](avoid-sticky-regions).

</CategoryItem>


<CategoryItem id="content-dismissable">

[Any pop-up content that is shown on hover or focus must be easily dismissable](content-dismissable).

</CategoryItem>


<CategoryItem id="pop-up-hoverable">

[Any pop-up content that is shown on hover must also be hoverable](pop-up-hoverable).

</CategoryItem>


<CategoryItem id="pop-up-persistent">

[Any pop-up content that is shown on hover or focus must remain persistent](pop-up-persistent).

</CategoryItem>


<CategoryItem id="flashing-content">

[There mustn’t be any content that flashes more than 3 times within any one-second period](flashing-content).
<!--
A gif is considered flashing if it switches from dark to light more than three times within a second and covers an area that’s more than 10 degrees of the visual field (translated into an area of 341 x 256 px on a monitor with 1024 x 768 px resolution at a typical viewing distance). 
-->
</CategoryItem>

Commit message:

Text update
Added description text to Content

docs/content/index.mdx, after:

---
id: index
title: Content
hide_title: true
show_completed_mark: false
---

import Card from "@theme/Card"
import CategoryItem from "@theme/CategoryItem"
import ProgressBar from "@theme/ProgressBar"

<Card icon="📖">

## Content

Create content that can be presented in different ways without losing information or structure.

</Card>

<ProgressBar />


<CategoryItem id="categorized-by-color">

[Content that are categorized by color that conveys meaningful information needs additional cues like text or icon](categorized-by-color).

</CategoryItem>


<CategoryItem id="moving-content">

[Content that starts moving, blinking or scrolling automatically and lasts longer than 5 seconds must be possible be paused, stopped or hidden by the user](moving-content).

</CategoryItem>


<CategoryItem id="auto-updating-content">

[Content that starts auto-updating automatically must be possible to be paused, stopped, or hidden by the user or that the user can manually control the frequency of the updates](auto-updating-content).

</CategoryItem>


<CategoryItem id="content-time-limit">

[Content that has a time limit needs to be possible to turn off, adjust or extend](content-time-limit).

</CategoryItem>


<CategoryItem id="aware-everyone">

[Make sure that information that’s added to another part of the UI, that doesn’t have focus, is made aware for everyone](aware-everyone).

</CategoryItem>

<CategoryItem id="avoid-sticky-regions">

[Try to avoid using sticky regions](avoid-sticky-regions).

</CategoryItem>


<CategoryItem id="content-dismissable">

[Any pop-up content that is shown on hover or focus must be easily dismissable](content-dismissable).

</CategoryItem>


<CategoryItem id="pop-up-hoverable">

[Any pop-up content that is shown on hover must also be hoverable](pop-up-hoverable).

</CategoryItem>


<CategoryItem id="pop-up-persistent">

[Any pop-up content that is shown on hover or focus must remain persistent](pop-up-persistent).

</CategoryItem>


<CategoryItem id="flashing-content">

[There mustn’t be any content that flashes more than 3 times within any one-second period](flashing-content).
<!--
A gif is considered flashing if it switches from dark to light more than three times within a second and covers an area that’s more than 10 degrees of the visual field (translated into an area of 341 x 256 px on a monitor with 1024 x 768 px resolution at a typical viewing distance). 
-->
</CategoryItem>
